Uh, no.
Mr. Wei, why are you in the old lady's bed?
I just got the news.
You killed Meng Po again
Wait for the murderer
Now wait
I'm here to save your old lady, just my grandma
Come here. What are you doing?
Think of something.
Don't you think who is the murderer?
Go now I'm in
Go in by yourself
I only save people, not kill
Dead old woman
Listen to what you love and I will marry you
Hard to marry
Get up
I'll give you medicine
like the sky
My message
You are so vicious, Li Xinyue
So did I.
The champion is him
He reckons you won't give the old lady in case of an accident
You said I colluded with my murderous power
Oh, dear.
Xing Xiaoxiao, this is the real Moon God Doctor
What? Are you really the Moon God Doctor?